[WHOOSH]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> The eighth dimension is the
one that connects the whole
thinking of the universe
in different levels
of consciousness.
Not only mind as in
the first dimension,
but also emotional and physical.
That's why we call the eighth
dimension the Akashic Records.
And also we call the eighth
dimension the matrix in which
we are all in.
>> A collection of all human
events, thoughts, words,
emotions, and intent to have
ever occurred in the past,
present, or future.
The concept of the
Akashic Records
finds its origins in
ancient Sanskrit texts.
But what knowledge lies within
these treasured records?
And how does one uncover
their eternal truths?
[THEME MUSIC]
The Hindu word akasha,
meaning upper sky,
was introduced into
Western culture
by Theosophical Society
co-founder Helena Blavatsky
during the mid-1800s.
Theosophists describe the akasha
as the primordial substance
that includes all vital forces.
Though never
specifically referring
to the Akashic Records
directly, Blavatsky
did make reference to
indestructible tablets
of the astral light,
utilized for recording
both past and future of
one's thoughts and actions.
This repository of
cosmic information,
referred to as the
Akashic Records,
was widely disseminated
by early theosophists,
like author Alfred
Percy Sinnett.
In his 1883 book
"Esoteric Buddhism,"
Sinnett suggests one could
view their own Akashic
Records upon attaining
higher stages
of individual enlightenment.
>> The Akashic Records
is an etheric language.
It's an actual place, as
well as a modern day modality
of healing and intuitive work.
It has the energetic imprint
of all of your past lifetimes.
And you have a
personal book of life
that's stored in the
etheric field of the planet,
in the Akashic Records.
And you can access this
during your lifetime
and it will give you a
deeper knowing of who you are
and why you're here.
>> Many religions reference
a posthumous life review upon
entering the afterlife, where a
book of life or similar notion
is used to judge and weigh
the merits of one's existence.
Yet, is the idea of
an Akashic library
a literal, physical place?
Or a metaphorical myth used
to explain a complex idea?
>> It's been referred to
as the Hall of Records,
the Library of Light, the Mind
of God, God's Remembrance.
There's many ways that
they are referred to.
And they hold what we would
call our past, present,
and potential future.
And it's because we are
here in linear time,
in the third
dimension, and we've
agreed to this time
space continuum that
says, well, there is a past.
There is a present.
And there's the future.
But where these records
reside, we could say,
is really in the
entire eternal now.
In the present moment.
And so there is no past.
There is no future.
There is only now.
>> When I explain about
the eighth dimension
and the Akashic Records, I
just explain it like if it were
a library or kind
of a Wikipedia,
where you can go and look
for any information you want.
But for the eighth
dimension, when
you realize that every
dimension is just
the perspective
of reality, do we
realize that the
eighth dimension is not
the place where you have to go
to look for that information.
But you have to become in
order to see it and feel
that information.
>> It would seem that accessing
the Akashic Records is a more
metaphysical process than merely
reading words on a physical
page.
So how is human consciousness
connected to the Akashic realm?
>> If we think that we are
a leaf or a flower in a tree
and because we a
leaf or a flower,
we are trapped in the tree it's
because we didn't understand
that the flower and leaf
are the product of the tree.
They are not something separate.
They are trying
to feed the tree.
With every experience,
with every breath,
you are feeding the network.
The Akashic Records
is like this library
where every book that
hasn't been written yet
and every book that was written
shares the information all
the time.
>> Though the insight one might
gain from viewing their own
Akashic Records is
a tempting prospect,
Matias de Stefano warns against
this practice before one is
spiritually prepared.
>> So this is the difference
between the people that is
trying to get into the Akashic
Records to look for information
and the people that is
willing to transform itself.
So if you take the information
from other universe,
instead of creating
your own universe so
you will be eating the
fruit of that tree of life.
And your own reality
will disappear
and will be destroyed
by the information that
is not your vibration.
That's why in the story,
when Eve eats the apple,
the whole story for
them is destroyed.
Because she was not building
their own information.
The only way you can download
that information is not
going there and look for
it, but to be yourself.
Transform into the vibration
of that information
so you can download it.
That's the good way of doing it.
Don't go and look
for the information.
Just put yourself in the
level of that information
so it could be
downloaded to you.
>> Accessing the records
is not as simple as walking
into a local library.
Those familiar with
the Akashic realm
suggest one must first
attain a deeper understanding
for the spiritual and
metaphysical process.
However, spiritually-minded
individuals
suggest that with the knowledge
of the Akashic Records
and their chronicling
of our past,
present, and future,
comes a great tool
for enriching one's life.
>> There's literally, no
inaccuracy with the book.
Because the book is
not going to be telling
a fictional story for you.
The book is literally going
to be your truest self.
So if you connect
into your records,
if you connect into
your book of life,
it's like looking in the mirror.
The mirror doesn't lie.
And the interesting
thing about this mirror
is it's a mirror for the soul.
And when you look into it,
you're actually able to write.
You're actually able to create,
to heal, to clear yourself,
to create a great life.
>> The story of our
lives is both individual
and the coalescence of
all living things within
our reality.
Accessing the Akashic Records
and viewing our own past,
present, and future may be
the most profound guidance
to understanding the true
nature of our reality.